The best Terraria mod that starts with Aze, or your money back, guaranteed!
This mod has unique content, including ore furniture and a new subclass.
This mod also has QoL changes, such as an easier Slime Crown recipe, crimson alternates, tons of vanilla recipes, and some hardmode enemies dropping prehardmode loot.
Some changes can be only accessed via the config, like the Pearlwood buff.
Most of the reworks are complete, but Empress Slime still needs to be improved.

Stats:
~250 Items
~4 Bosses:
^1 Prehardmode Bosses
^3 Hardmode Bosses
^(1) Unobtainable Joke Superboss
~2 Town NPCs
~32 total NPCs
~50 Tiles
~30 Buffs
~1 Subclass
~3 Custom Soundtracks (get the Music mod)
~1 Unfinished Game Mode (Devastation Mode)
~18 Modifiers
^11 Weapon Modifiers
^7 Accessory Modifiers

[i:458]Cross content with: Asteri (dead), Havoc (dead), and Cacti and More 2 Mod.

Spriters:
FunkItOut
Astrum
That One Book Man
HBDeus
Pufferfish77
Skymanisbtman
Koolaidlemonade

Coders:
Nalyddd
Woodio

Composer:
Skymanisbtman

Wiki:
Unboxing Video
Deranged Lynx (Also made Tactical Megaphone use sound)

Quit:
CrazySapling1 (Spriter)
ULTIMATEDQVID (Spriter)

Minor Help:
Math (Minor Wiki)
Ashe (Minor Wiki)
Setnour6 (Old Matrix Scavenger Theme)
Polaris (Minor Wiki)
ChimneyEggs (Ore Staff Sprites and Heartbreaker Sprite)
Don't Call Me Klarson (Old Wooden Shield)
EternalAvant (Old Featherfall Shield)
Thunderminer79 (Help with Matrix Scavenger movement)
Mr. Raccoon (A couple sprites)
Lamb Sauce (Empress Chalice and Delicious Gelatin sprites)

Multiplayer support is unknown, but most of us play alone anyway.

Update V0.2.7.8: Empress Update pt. 2
~Reworked Empress Slime ai.
~Renamed Elemental Gel to Elemental Goop (and changed the tooltip), Neutron Blaster to Neutrobliterator, Giygaclaws to Giygaclaw (and changed the tooltip), Twin Opticbow to Sightseer, Sprouted Seed to Sprouted Seedling, Endless Seed Pouch to Bottomless Sack of Seeds, Endless Worm Pouch to Bottomless Sack of Worms, True Tree Truncheon to Enchanted Tree Truncheon, Sun's Protection to Sol Necklace, Life Crystal Shield to Crystalline Heart Shield, Fruit of Life to Bloom of Life, and Soul of the Jungle to Jungle's Prosperity.
~Resprited Delicious Gelatin, Dirty Medal, Neutrobliterator, Labyrinth Fish, Inhaler, The Avalanche, Deadlock Pistol, Giygaclaw, Sightseer, Ironfist Medal, Ruby and Diamond Bow, Mecharang, Sprouted Seedling, Vineshot, Bottomless Sack of Seeds, Bottomless Sack of Worms, Tree Truncheon, Enchanted Tree Truncheon, Electrolight, Cactirang, Sol Necklace, Crystalline Heart Shield, Lifeforce Shield, Beaker of Lightning, Aquite Repeater, Bloom of Life, Jungle's Prosperity, Lemonade Tea, Suspicious and Retro Looking Petri Dish, Wooden Shield, Stalagmite, Stalactite, and Giant Gel Cluster.
~Added Bloom of Life and Sol Necklace to Jungle's Prosperity.
~Changed Mecharang laser projectile.
~Resprited Slimy Ooze and Scared.